feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 6 (#57565)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-future-continuous-while-describing-actions/67614a6e5d4df6a6744127b7.md

---
id: 67614a6e5d4df6a6744127b7
title: Task 113
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-113
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Read the text and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

`Dear Team,`

`As the summit is near and many of you will be traveling for work, it’s important to stay safe online. Man-in-the-Middle attacks (MitM) often happen on public Wi-Fi or unsecured networks, especially during peak travel times. These attacks can steal your data, including corporate emails and sensitive information.`

`To stay protected, always use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) when accessing sensitive information or company systems. Avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks. Check the updated security tips and job aids we’ve shared. They include simple steps to keep your data safe while traveling.`

`We’ve scheduled a security review meeting to share more advice and discuss security protocols. If you have any questions or need help setting up your VPN, contact the security team before your trip.`

`Stay safe,`

`Your Security Team`

What should employees do before traveling?

## --answers--

Review the updated security tips.

### --feedback--

> While reviewing the tips is helpful, the email emphasizes contacting the security team for VPN assistance as the most important step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While reviewing the tips is helpful, the email emphasizes something else as the most important step.
```
This feedback gives away the answer.

---

Contact the security team for VPN help.

---

Use public Wi-Fi with a VPN.

### --feedback--

The email warns against using public Wi-Fi for sensitive tasks, even with a VPN.

---

Wait until the security review meeting.

### --feedback--

The email advises preparing before traveling, not waiting until the meeting to address these concerns.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

> To find the correct answer, focus on the email’s advice for preparing before traveling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the correct answer, focus on the email's advice for preparing before traveling.
```
